FA 595: Group 7

--For User

Upon arrival to our webpage, user will see displayed a text box to enter data of their choosing. 

After inputting data, user has option to choose the various natural language process services the platform has provided. 

The NLP options displayed to the user are Sentiment analysis, Part of Speech, Text Classification, Word Cloud, Topic Modeling
and Aspect Modeling.

Upon request of the processes of the user's choosing, platform will output: "We have made the below analysis based on your request"

The result of each module will fall next to its title. 



--For the sake of the user, here is a little snippet on each NLP service provided on the platform

The goal of Sentiment Analysis identifies and extracts subjective information in source material. It is known as the most common
text classification tool that can analyze messages and tell whether the underlying "sentiment" is postive, negative or neutral.

The goal of Part of Speech is to assign a specific tag to a word. POS tags a term used to describe the lexical terms that we have within
our text. Therefore, we can use them for making assumptions about semantics.

Similar to POS, Text Classification allows user to easily get insights from data and other automated processes through text tagging.
These text classifiers can automatically analyze text and then assign a set of pre-defined tags based on its content.

Word Clouds are commonly used across various idustries and acedemia. It gives user a valuable way to visualize important data at a glance. 
In terms of pure volume: key words that are heavily used shall be shown in a bigger and bolder text; vice versa for lighter used words/phrases.

Similar to standard Sentiment Analysis, Aspect based modeling not only can interpret the positive or negative values of string, it can also extract the category, feature or topic that is being talked about. This is a powerful tool if you want to SORT data before you analyze.

Topic Based Modeling is perhaps the most unique service provided. It is a type of statistical model for discovering the abstract 
topics that occur in a collection of documents. It will indicate to the user the weight of a key words in a group of key words, 
enabling the user to infer what the overall subject is. The higher the number (weight) a keyword posseses, the more important the term is.  







